docs: adapt docs to new story (#5800)
jina-ai/jina: docs/concepts/serving/index.md

(serving)=
# {fas}`gears` Serving

As seen in the {ref}`architecture overview <architecture-overview>`, Jina is organized in different layers.

The Serving layer is composed of concepts that allow developers to write their logic to be served by the objects in {ref}`orchestration <orchestration>` layer.

Two objects belong to this family:

> - Executor ({class}`~jina.Executor`), ideal to serve your logic based on [DocArray](https://docarray.jina.ai/) data structures.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Executor ({class}`~jina.Executor`), serves your logic based on [DocArray](https://docarray.jina.ai/) data structures.
```
